---
title: Privacy
permalink: /privacy/
---
{% include vars.html %}

## You can browse our website without providing personal information

You can access and browse our site without disclosing your personal information, for example:

* We do not automatically record personal information.
* We do not link information that is recorded automatically with personal information about specific individuals.

## We automatically record some non-personal information

If you visit our website to read or download information, Google Analytics automatically records some non-personal information in a log file, for example :

* The type of browser you use
* The type of operating system you use
* The screen resolution of your PC
* The date and time you access our site
* The pages you have accessed and the applications downloaded
* The internet address from which you accessed our site
* The search terms you used to find content on our website
* The last site you visited before you accessed our website

## Use of cookies

Our website currently uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use our site. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your computer's internet address or IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google. The tracking data is stored in a database managed by Google. The tracking data is then used by Google to compile statistical reports on website activity for us to evaluate site use.

The use of cookies allows us to:

* Discover what information is most and least used
* Determine technical webdesign specifications
* Help make our site more useful to visitors

We will not use the web analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site.

We will not associate any data gathered from our site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google Analytics tool. We will not link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.

## Disabling / Enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. Disabling cookies will not affect your ability to use the website.